---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "siteinfo-v1_dns_client_list Data Source - siteinfo-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# siteinfo-v1_dns_client_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) A label selector string to filter the results based on resource labels. If specified multiple times, the union of resources which satisfy a label-selector will be returned.
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) DNSClientSpec allows for configuring DNS clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) DNSClientStatus defines the observed state of DNSClient (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `router_kind` (String) the Kind of the router used to reach the DNS servers.
- `router_selectors` (List of String) Selects router resources based on the specified Kind.
- `routers` (List of String) Router(s) to deploy the DNS client on and to reach the DNS servers.
- `search_list` (List of String) A list of domains to use as the search list.
- `servers` (List of String) A list of DNS servers, each entry in the list can either be an IP address or an FQDN.


<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the DNSClient.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change_time` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes this resource has been applied to.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the DNSClient.
