---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "siteinfo-v1_default_mtu Resource - siteinfo-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# siteinfo-v1_default_mtu (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) DefaultMTUSpec defines the desired state of DefaultMTU (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the DefaultMTU
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate
- `status` (Attributes) DefaultMTUStatus defines the observed state of DefaultMTU (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `interface_mtu` (Number) Configures the Default MTU value for Ethernet interfaces. Includes Ethernet headers but excludes 4-byte FCS trailer.
- `layer2_subinterface_mtu` (Number) Configures the Default MTU value for Layer 2 (bridged) interfaces. Includes Ethernet headers but excludes 4-byte FCS trailer.
- `layer3_mtu` (Number) Configures the Default IP MTU value for Layer 3 interfaces. Includes IP headers but excludes Ethernet headers.
- `node_selectors` (List of String) Label selector to select nodes on which to configure the defaults.
- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes on which to configure the defaults.


<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`
